Here is a function expression stored in a variable, "myFunction".
A function stored in a variable doesn't need a function name,
as you kind of see here, it's actually an anonymous function that was pointing to.
But a major benefit of having a function name is that it'll show when debugging.
So we also could have given a name.
Now, you can invoke the function just by using the variable name.
Great. Now let us check on another example that I have on the other screen.
Here, we have function declaration that returns
the average of three numbers pass into it: n1, n2, and n3.
One thing we can do is check this function's length.
So if we call.length on average, it returns three.
So, this method kind of peculiar because we're calling.length on a function.
So it gives you little more proof that for function is actually an object.
Another proof that we have, a function is being objects as well,
is that each function has a name property.
Meaning that we can check the function' s name.
So if you call.name on this average function over here,
it returns as the name of the function.
So as it turns out, we can access properties on functions because,
in JavaScript, functions are first-class